~PRETZEL BITES~
Source: Sally's Baking Recipes
Servings: Lots

INGREDIENTS
1.5C Warm water
1 Packet active dry yeast (or 2 1/4tsp bulk)
1Tbsp Brown sugar (white okay too)
1Tbsp Melted cooled Earth Balance (or other vegan butter, coconut oil too potentially)
1tsp Salt
4c Unbleached AP Flour
Coarse salt for topping

PROCESS
Preheat oven to 400F, line your cookie sheets with silpats, and get out your standing mixer (recipe possible by hand, but mixer is way quicker and easier). 
In a standing mixer with the dough hook attachment, add warm water, yeast, and brown sugar, and give a gentle swirl to combine. Let proof 
for 5mins. Add in butter, salt, and 3 of your 4 cups of flour. Mix for on low for 1min, scraping down the sides as needed with a rubber 
spatula. Add in 3/4c of your remaining flour, and continue to beat on low until dough forms a ball, roughly 2mins. If dough is still rather sticky, add the last 1/4c into the dough and beat for another 3 minutes. Remove from hook and place a towel over the bowl, and set it in a warm spot for 15-30mins. At this time, begin boiling your baking soda bath (below). 

Turn out your dough onto a lightly floured working surface, and work it into a ball. Using an oiled knife, cut ball into 6 equal pieces. 
Take 1 piece at a time and roll it out into a roughly 20in long snake. Cut into roughly 1.5in pieces, and repeat with each remaining ball 
of dough. Working with 1 snake's worth of bites at a time (8-12 pieces), lower them gently into the baking soda bath and boil for 10-15 
seconds. Remove with a slatted spoon, shake gently to remove excess water, and place directly onto silpat-lined cookie sheets. Salt while 
still wet, and bake in the oven for 15-18mins or until browned to your liking - the longer they bake, the darker they are, the more intense the pretzel flavor is (akin to crispy pretzels!). Cool and store at room temp for 3 days, refrigerated for a week, or frozen for 3 months.
Alternately, toss in cinnamon sugar instead of sprinkling salt before baking for a sweet version.
The dough can refrigerate or freeze and then thaw out + come to room temp and still be workable as well, and preformed uncooked bites pre- 
baking soda can also be refrigerated or frozen until ready to bake.


BAKING SODA BATH
9c Water
1/2C Baking soda

PROCESS
Boil while dough rises.